README.md, before:

# Terraform Beginner Bootcamp 2023

##Semantic versioning:mage:

This project is going to utilize semantic versioning for its tagging.
[sermver.org]https://semver.org/

The general format :
**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**, eg. 1.0.1

    - **MAJOR** version when you make incompatible API changes
    - **MINOR** version when you add functionality in a backward compatible manner
    -  **PATCH** version when you make backward compatible bug fixes

Additional labels for pre-release and build metadata are available as extensions to the MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH format.

## Install the terraform CLI

Terraform installation instructions changed due to gpg keyring changes. The new install uses scripting instructions from the Terraform CLI install page. 

[Install Terraform CLI] https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws-get-started/install-cli
https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/tasks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chmod

### Refactoring into bash scripts.
While fixing the terraform CLI gpg depreciation, we decided to use a bash script for the terraform CLI installation. 

### Considerations for Linux Distribution.
This project is bulilt against Ubuntu.
Please consider checking your Linux distribution and change according to distribution needs.

### Working with Env Vars

List all variables  using `env` command.
We can filter  using grep. eg `env | grep AWS`

### AWS CLI Installation

AWS CLI installed for this project via the bash  [`./bin/install_aws_cli`]


[AWS CLI Env Vars]
We can check if our AWS credentials are configured correctly by runing the following AWS CLI command: (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html)
```sh
aws sts get-caller-identity
```

## Terraform Basics

### Terraform Registry

Terraform sources their providers and modules from the Terraform registry which is located at [registry.terraform.io](https://registry.terraform.io/)

- **Providers** are interfaces to APIs that will allow you to create resources in Terraform
- **Modules** are a way to make large amounts of Terraform code modular, portable and sharable.

#### Terraform Destroy
`terraform destroy`
This will destroy resources. Auto-approving can be added to this command using --auto-approve. 

## Issues with Terraform Cloud Login and Gitpod Workspace
When attempting to run `terraform login`, it will launch bash in a wiswig view to generate a token. However, this does not work as expected. The workaround is to manually log in to app.terraform.io in a browser initially, run `terraform login`, exit the wiswig view using Ctrl+C, and generate the token manually from the pop window that will display from app.terraform.io application. The next step is to copy the token value from app.terraform.io in the terminal after being prompted using:
```Token for app.terraform.io:
    Enter a value:```

Commit message:

21 create a table of content readme (#23)
* Added new files for output, providers, and variables

* Created a table of content readme and additional resources

---------

Co-authored-by: Anicet <anicet@bdesmarest.onmicrosoft.com>

README.md, after:

# Terraform Beginner Bootcamp 2023


## Table of Content

- [Semantic Versioning](#semantic-versioning)
- [Install the Terraform CLI](#install-the-terraform-cli)
    - [Refactoring into bash scripts](#refactoring-into-bash-scripts)
    - [Considerations for Linux Distribution](#considerations-for-linux-distribution)
    - [Working with Env Vars](#working-with-env-vars)
    - [AWS CLI Installation](#aws-cli-installation)
- [Terraform Basics](#terraform-basics)
    - [Terraform Registry](#terraform-registry)
    - [Terraform Destroy](#terraform-destroy)
- [Issues with Terraform Cloud Login and Gitpod Workspace](#issues-with-terraform-cloud-login-and-gitpod-workspace)




## Semantic versioning

This project is going to utilize semantic versioning for its tagging.
[sermver.org]https://semver.org/

The general format :
**MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH**, eg. 1.0.1

    - **MAJOR** version when you make incompatible API changes
    - **MINOR** version when you add functionality in a backward compatible manner
    -  **PATCH** version when you make backward compatible bug fixes

Additional labels for pre-release and build metadata are available as extensions to the MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH format.

## Install the terraform CLI

Terraform installation instructions changed due to gpg keyring changes. The new install uses scripting instructions from the Terraform CLI install page. 

[Install Terraform CLI] https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws-get-started/install-cli
https://www.gitpod.io/docs/configure/workspaces/tasks
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chmod

### Refactoring into bash scripts.
While fixing the terraform CLI gpg depreciation, we decided to use a bash script for the terraform CLI installation. 

### Considerations for Linux Distribution.
This project is bulilt against Ubuntu.
Please consider checking your Linux distribution and change according to distribution needs.

### Working with Env Vars

List all variables  using `env` command.
We can filter  using grep. eg `env | grep AWS`

### AWS CLI Installation

AWS CLI installed for this project via the bash  [`./bin/install_aws_cli`]


[AWS CLI Env Vars]
We can check if our AWS credentials are configured correctly by runing the following AWS CLI command: (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-envvars.html)
```sh
aws sts get-caller-identity
```

## Terraform Basics

### Terraform Registry

Terraform sources their providers and modules from the Terraform registry which is located at [registry.terraform.io](https://registry.terraform.io/)

- **Providers** are interfaces to APIs that will allow you to create resources in Terraform
- **Modules** are a way to make large amounts of Terraform code modular, portable and sharable.

#### Terraform Destroy
`terraform destroy`
This will destroy resources. Auto-approving can be added to this command using --auto-approve. 

## Issues with Terraform Cloud Login and Gitpod Workspace
When attempting to run `terraform login`, it will launch bash in a wiswig view to generate a token. However, this does not work as expected. The workaround is to manually log in to app.terraform.io in a browser initially, run `terraform login`, exit the wiswig view using Ctrl+C, and generate the token manually from the pop window that will display from app.terraform.io application. The next step is to copy the token value from app.terraform.io in the terminal after being prompted using:
```Token for app.terraform.io:
    Enter a value:```

[] Set up directory structure for our module
[] Import our s3 bucket into the module
